What has a foot but no legs?
Poor people have it. Rich people need it. If you eat it you die. What is it?
What comes down but never goes up?
I’m tall when I’m young and I’m short when I’m old. What am I?
Mary’s father has 5 daughters – Nana, Nene, Nini, Nono. What is the fifth daughters name?
How can a pants pocket be empty and still have something in it?
What goes up when rain comes down?
If I drink, I die. If i eat, I am fine. What am I?
Throw away the outside and cook the inside, then eat the outside and throw away the inside. What is it?
What word becomes shorter when you add two letters to it?
What travels around the world but stays in one spot?
What has 4 eyes but can’t see?
If I have it, I don’t share it. If I share it, I don’t have it. What is it?
Take away my first letter, and I still sound the same. Take away my last letter, I still sound the same. Even take away my letter in the middle, I will still sound the same. I am a five letter word. What am I?
What has hands but can not clap?
What can you catch but not throw?.
What is as light as a feather, but even the world’s strongest man couldn’t hold it for more than a minute?
What starts with the letter “t”, is filled with “t” and ends in “t”?
What is so delicate that saying its name breaks it?
You walk into a room with a match, a karosene lamp, a candle, and a fireplace. Which do you light first?
What kind of tree can you carry in your hand?
What has one eye but cannot see?
Which weighs more, a pound of feathers or a pound of bricks?
How many months have 28 days?
If a blue house is made out of blue bricks, a yellow house is made out of yellow bricks and a pink house is made out of pink bricks, what is a green house made of?
What goes up a chimney down but can’t come down a chimney up?
Mr. Blue lives in the blue house, Mr. Pink lives in the pink house, and Mr. Brown lives in the brown house. Who lives in the white house?
They come out at night without being called, and are lost in the day without being stolen. What are they?
How do you make the number one disappear?
What goes up but never comes down?
